single row implied aggregates default to values instead of records (#4420)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/operators/summarize.md

it is inferred from the expression, e.g., the field name for `by lower(s)`
is `lower`.

When the result of `summarize` is a single value (e.g., a single aggregate
function without group-by keys) and there is no field name specified, then

> output is the Zed value of that result rather than a single-field record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the output is that single value rather than a single-field record
```

```
=>
```mdtest-output
2.5
```

To format the output of a single-valued aggregation into a record, simply specify

> an explicit field for the output as in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an explicit field for the output:
```

```mdtest-command
echo '1 2 3 4' | zq -z 'summarize mean:=avg(this)' -
```
=>
```mdtest-output
{mean:2.5}
```

When multiple aggregate functions are specified, even without explicit field names,

> a record result is generated from the implied fields names of the functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a record result is generated with field names implied by the functions:
```
